Update blocks_and_procs.md (#393)
crystal-lang/crystal-book: syntax_and_semantics/blocks_and_procs.md

That means that any type that responds to `[]` with integers can be unpacked in a block argument.

> For [Tuple](http://crystal-lang.org/api/Tuple.html) arguments you can take advantage of auto-splatting and not need parentheses:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For [Tuple](http://crystal-lang.org/api/Tuple.html) arguments you can take advantage of auto-splatting and do not need parentheses:
```

```crystal
array = [{1, "one", true}, {2, "two", false}]
array.each do |number, word, bool|
  puts "#{number}: #{word} #{bool}"
end
```

> Because [Hash#each](http://crystal-lang.org/api/Hash.html#each(&):Nil-instance-method) passes Tuples to its blocks, this means you can iterate over Hash key values with auto-splatting:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Hash(K, V)#each](http://crystal-lang.org/api/Hash.html#each(&):Nil-instance-method) passes `Tuple(K, V)` to the block so iterating key-value pairs works with auto-splatting:
```
